include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/apacheconf.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/conf.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/css.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/dot.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/Dockerfile.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/fish.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/git.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/go.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/html.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/ini.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/json.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/makefile.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/markdown.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/nanorc.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/nginx.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/php.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/pkg-config.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/pkgbuild.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/python.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/sh.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/sql.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/systemd.nanorc
include /root/src/dotfiles/nanorc/yaml.nanorc